welcome back at Rojo before we get to
the show we're here with joy Carl's to
talk about what's going on tonight and
tomorrow at the Casper Event Center good
morning good morning joy is the
performance director so she gets to
travel with these fabulous Sesame Street
characters and and go from place to
place and have that fantastic energy
everywhere you go how very like working
with with Elmo and Friends oh they are
wonderful they're such hard workers and
they put on a great show every day when
we perform and it's just a lot of fun
with everybody and I know you have a
history of dance a little bit and that's
kind of how you got into it do you help
choreograph their dances a little joy we
actually are really lucky with this
company we have Broadway style
choreographers that do come in and set
our shows which is really nice so Elmo
and the gang and they get to learn from
the best but I do help you know help
keep it running and you know make sure
everything is the same as it was said
and all that good stuff
do you jump in there and do a little
dancing with them sometimes sometimes I
help it is a lot of fun and looks like a
blast obviously tonight it all kicks off
at the Casper Events Center tell us
about what people can expect I know it
is the superheroes are zooming into the
event center also people can expect if
they attend they are the superheroes are
ready for action in this show so
unfortunately Grover he loses his super
ness and he spends a lot of time trying
to find it but while he's searching for
his super ness Elmo and his friends they
chip in and work as a team and help
Grover find that super Ness so they
learn all about nutrition and healthy
eating and exercise and and sleep and
how it's all good for your body and that
helps Grover to get super Ness oh so
it's not so it's not as complicated as
when Spiderman loses his powers it's as
simple as eating a little healthier and
having a healthier mindset exactly all
of those things nutrition and proper
hygiene they all help you to keep your
super nest Oh fantastic things to teach
children that will be attending his
event and I know it does kick off
tonight and there is a children's
matinee as well tomorrow at 10:30 yes
and has that something that you do at
every every stop that you go to we do a
lot of morning performances and it's
great for school kids a lot of people
come
still you know our age range is you know
vast so the kids that are not in school
yet can still come in the morning which
is great and then we do get a lot of
school groups too which is awesome take
field trips instead of ditching school
that's the best way to go and I know I
mean Sesame Street's been around forever
so how long or how many adults show up
to these events without children oh my
goodness I don't know about who shows up
without children but they adults love it
just as much as the children do and
there's always those little extras in
there that the adults you know kind of
get that are really funny that the kids
it kind of goes over their head that's
kind of a Disney movie you know it's
actually we've got those little little
tricks in there that that keeps the
adults entertained as well yeah and
don't worry you are invited even if you
don't have a kid you can go enjoy these
fantastic festivity ads what something's
going on I don't know studio what's
what's happening oh boy I think they're
excited they are
very very good job obviously you can see
the full festivities tonight at the
Casper Events Center tickets are on sale
if you want more information you want me
to dance with you a little bit I don't
know I know this I know that I know this
dance this one there we go there yeah we
know this dad you guys are stealing my
dance moves you can't give away my
Dancing with the Stars moves just yet
all right everyone stay with us a lot
more show to come and you won't want to
miss it
all right everyone will thank you so
much for joining us this morning
obviously a fantastic show with the help
of our superhero friends here and you
can catch more of them tonight at the
cats are considered well one and that's
it see you guys tomorrow how to get to
Sesame Street